Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We're going to pray tonight.
I want to pray more than talk.
And so, I want to go over some of the things we have in the news since I've been with you last.
There's a lot going on, as everybody can see.
Paris is on fire.
If you all remember, I saw the Eiffel Tower on fire and I said, 'It's burning.
' And I don't know why it's burning.
I see it burning, and there are people rioting.
They're going nuts in the streets, and the Eiffel Tower is on fire.
And I said, 'I don't know how you burn metal, because the Eiffel Tower is metal.
' But I saw it burning.
And so we see over the weekend people acting crazy in France and burning the Eiffel Tower, just like the Lord showed us.
Was it last year?
Yeah, two years ago.
Two years ago.
It's been a while.
But I saw the Eiffel Tower burning, and I said, 'I don't know what causes the Eiffel Tower to burn.
' And I still don't understand how that could burn—it's metal.
But I guess it's on the bottom.
Maybe they lit some tires on fire or something.
But there it is, just like the vision.
I saw it burning.
Yeah.
It's on the side of it, isn't it, honey?
So, it's not the Eiffel Tower itself; it's metal.
I was thinking, because that's in the vision, I thought, 'How in the world does a metal structure burn?
' Yeah.
And then, so they're burning tires or something.
Yeah.
And that's what I saw in the spirit.
And so they're popping fireworks, and they're rioting, and doing...
I said, 'Everything is burning.
' I told everybody, I said, 'This is what I see.
I see everything is burning in France.
' I see things burning, people acting nuts.
And this is what has been happening.
Two years ago, they're burning everything up just like I saw there.
I saw things in trash cans.
I saw things...
and what's amazing is it took two years for that word to come to pass, and I said, 'Black swan events are coming.
This will be on purpose.
' They're going to try to do this.
This is something, and I saw major events starting to really take place in Europe, especially France.
And it was down the river there, and Emmanuel Macron was riding on a black swan.
So here they are, they're doing it.
I don't know why they're doing this.
It's over football.
Oh, football, soccer.
Are they happy or are they mad?
They're mad.
They're mad about what happened.
Yeah.
Mad about who won.
I was disappointed with my Thunder.
They lost.
I was disappointed with that.
But we knew that when I saw Wemby and his face dominant, I knew.
But I don't talk about sports and that.
Go ahead and show what else.
Yeah, and then you have to go over.
Okay, I want you to talk about the tunnels.
Yeah.
Okay.
So, we had a major boom, an asteroid, a meteor go over Pennsylvania and North Carolina, and it was loud.
Can you play that clip?
So, the Lord showed us several times that this will be, as of April the 1st, signs from the heavens.
And He said, 'You're about to see major signs from the heavens, and there will be meteors and like asteroids, and they're coming.
' And I heard major loud noises that were like sonic booms, but some of them that are coming are so loud that they will break the glass out of people's homes.
They'll break the glass out of people's cars.
It was so loud for something that is coming.
And I said, 'This will start on April 1st.
This will start on April 1st.
' And the Lord said, 'Watch this time frame going into Rosh Hashanah into September, and then more acceleration will come on 9/11.
' The Harbingers.
Now, this just happened Friday.
Yeah, it did.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
And what is this one, hun?
This is just a clip of people hearing it.
Okay, go ahead.
Let them hear it.
Did it already happen?
It sounds like a gunshot, doesn't it?
Yeah, that's the one in the day.
Yeah, you can see it.
Look at it falling.
Is it?
Yeah.
No reports.
A sonic boom in South Carolina.
The community around Columbia, nearby counties shaken and startled from the noise.
The US Geological Survey confirming this was not an earthquake, but no word yet on what caused it.
No reports of injuries or damage.
Mysterious.
That's amazing.
It looks like a flash.
Yeah.
So, but the Lord warned us it would start on April 1st and it would go clear into the summer, all these months ahead.
And He said this would be shakings of signs in the heavens.
And so we're seeing it.
Interesting though, huh?
Yes.
You can kind of see it really went over Boston really loud.
See it go over Boston.
There were people freaking out in Boston because it was really loud over Boston.
Okay.
I was going to do that.
Do what?
You want this one?
Yep.
Go ahead.
Okay.
When I saw the three banks, I saw the river.
Do you remember what I saw?
I saw Jamie Dimon.
I saw Chase Bank.
I saw Wells Fargo.
And I saw Bank of America.
This part of it, I want to say this is not financial advice.
This is all in my opinion.
I am not a financial adviser, okay?
This is just what I see in vision, and I can miss it.
But I want to tell you, I saw this man back in February, and he was at a brook, at a table.
There was a table, and they were coming to an agreement.
But he said, in this, 'I saw three major banks'—him, the guy over here, and this is Chase Bank, I believe, right?
Yeah.
Bank of America and Wells Fargo.
They were in it together, and they were upset about crypto.
They didn't want it to happen.
They wanted to be the boss.
So they took a rope and they tied it around Crypto.
And Crypto was in the form of a rocket, and they wrapped it around this rocket, and they had a rope to it, and he was the head of it.
He was the head of it, and he would pull it down, and he would let it go way high, and he would pull down.
And there was a great manipulation.
If they can't stop it, they will manipulate it so that you won't trust it.
And I saw that they would not be able to stop it, so they would manipulate it.
But then I heard Garlinghouse say, 'All we need is clarity.
' And he was excited; he wanted clarity.
It was a black line.
It was black as onyx again.
Black as onyx.
Think about the symbolization here again.
It was black as onyx.
There's something here.
Garlinghouse said, 'All we need is clarity.
' And the rocket that was manipulated by the rope broke.
It broke.
And the rocket took off in the sky, and you couldn't see it no more.
It went away.
It went into the clouds.
And I watched that as they tried to manipulate it, and the rope broke, and it went as high.
It went...
it was...
I was like, 'Look at that.
' But as I watched that in that vision, I saw BlackRock in the distance, and BlackRock wasn't in with these three bankers.
They were off to the side.
So, if you go to the other ones, I saw the senators, you know, like insider trading stuff, like you already know what's going to happen.
So, you have your bags packed, and I saw certain things that would make Pelosi look like a boy scout.
So, let's go ahead and hear what this Jamie Dimon has to say about crypto.
He's not happy.
Go ahead.
So, are you happy with the way the Clarity Act is turning out?
No.
Because it allows them to effectively pay interest on deposits, stablecoins or something like that, without the protection that they should have.
And it doesn't do anything for AML/BSA.
It has almost no legal protections.
So no, the banks will not accept it that way.
They and the ABA, the small banks, the credit unions, not just the big guys.
I'm not worried about stablecoin, but if it happened, I'm telling you, I would have nothing to do with it, and it would eventually blow up on its own.
Okay.
But that's my personal thing, but I do understand the concern of all the other banks.
So, well, the markup is coming.
I mean, what are you going to do about it?
It is.
We'll fight it.
If we lose, we lose and we'll live.
Yeah.
Okay.
But it will be fought.
This will not be—no one's going to bow down to this guy, okay, or that company.
But he's the only one, and he's spending hundreds of millions of dollars in Washington on this thing.
He said he's representing the whole bleeped it.
Good job.
You got it.
I knew he'd say he dropped a bad word.
And then she's saying it.
Okay.
So, go ahead.
This is some competition for them.
They view it as competition that will hurt their ability to sustain the deposits they need to make loans.
I disagree with that.
They want changes that actually would go back to the Genius Act we passed last summer and make changes to it.
I think that they should embrace digital assets.
It is going to be part of the financial products they can offer in the future.
We're going to have a digital dollar, a digital Bitcoin, and digital alternative coins.
It's going to be a new financial landscape and I'd like to see the traditional banking industry embrace it instead of fight it.
So, the votes—yeah.
Do you remember you showed me that one?
I believe it was this one.
Yes.
First, your reaction to those comments from Jamie Dimon and Maria.
Well, we have a lot of respect for Jamie Dimon.
He's—and JP Morgan's an excellent bank.
In fact, they're our bank and they've worked with us and stayed by our side even through the Biden administration when the Biden regulators were trying to force banks to debank the crypto sector.
We have a number of partnerships underway with them.
We work with them around the world.
So, we think well of Jamie Dimon and of JP Morgan.
We have a good partnership with them, but at the end of the day, public policy is about the right outcome for the American people and I'm confident Congress is going to do that.
The Clarity Act is a really strong bill that creates important consumer protections, but also allows the financial system to become more responsive to the average American.
And I think that's a great objective, and I'm excited that we're very close to getting the bill on the floor and then ultimately to the president's desk.
How confident are you that it's going to pass the Senate?
Look, I feel very good about it.
I think the Republican caucus is pretty unified.
The president's been putting his shoulder into this and there's a very large group of Democrats who want to get this done.
We got about 80 Democrats in the House who voted for this, and I think we'll get a proportional number in the Senate.
Crypto, interestingly, has actually become the most bipartisan issue in Washington.
It was probably the singular bipartisan achievement of last year.
And I think clarity will be the big bipartisan achievement of 2026 going into the midterms and that's pretty exciting.
You say that this is crypto's Dodd-Frank moment.
What do you mean by that?
Well, this will be actually the biggest financial regulatory bill that Congress has done in quite some time, certainly since Dodd-Frank.
But what this does actually is it creates clarity for the crypto sector.
But interestingly, notwithstanding the concerns from the banks, it actually creates a broad range of new powers for the banks.
In fact, this will be the first piece of legislation since the '90s that gives the banks new authorization to get into the crypto space.
I know JP Morgan wants to get into it.
Every other big bank wants to get into the crypto sector.
We welcome their entry.
We work with many of them and helping them build the services that they want to offer their customers.
So it's a big, important legislation.
It's transformational in its nature, and—I mean, you get the gist.
I mean, he talks for a little bit so it's boring.
Bitcoin is now.
Okay.
Next.
Anything else?
And then they're saying June they would adopt it, cross that.
Okay.
On the 25 plus banks going live by June using crypto for 24/7 cross-border payments.
Next.
And then you have the mosquitoes.
Then you have—okay.
I want to ask about the mosquitoes.
Okay.
So, we have mosquitoes being released all over California by Google.
They're planning to—yeah, they're planning to release millions of mosquitoes into California to help stop disease.
Thanks, Google.
I'm just curious if you know if they ever heard of malaria or West Nile or any of these other diseases.
I wonder if that'll help them.
Pretty smart, huh?
Google wants to help us out with the ticks, you know, the ticks, whatever.
You know, RFK said today there's more uptick in Lyme disease across the nation than there's been in—they don't know when.
And so they all of a sudden have a new shot for you to take for Lyme disease.
They created it for ticks because these ticks are spreading so bad.
We're going to have a new tick shot.
So, they got a new tick shot for you.
Like COVID, you can get that with your booster for your COVID shot.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
So, is this vaccine available now?
This vaccine is not available now.
It should be available in a few months.
I have a feeling with this spotlight they may fast track it.
It's a completely safe vaccine based on older technology.
It's not something that we don't know about.
It's using proteins and basically peptides to target the Lyme part of the proteins on the Lyme borrelia.
It's called the bacteria itself.
Very, very promising.
It's going to be useful.
Last time we had a Lyme vaccine, nobody took it.
This vaccine is safe, effective.
I think we're going to get a lot of use out of it.
So, is this vaccine available?
Last one didn't get used very much.
Yeah, this one's getting used, but this one you're going to like it.
We're going to specialize this one.
It's going to be good.
This one right here is going to make you grow hair if you don't have any, and we're going to fix everything.
So, just let y'all know it's coming.
So, there you go.
So, they got an uptick.
You have RFK is on there telling everybody today.
Did you see that, Braden?
No, I didn't.
Okay.
I don't remember where I saw—I think it was on—it was either—I don't think it—I don't remember where I saw it.
He had suffered something.
RFK said, I'm trying to remember where I saw it.
I didn't take a screenshot of it to give it to you.
I'm sorry.
But he says it, and so, okay, next one.
Effort to combat—that's it, but I don't want to play it, we'll be here all night.
Okay.
So, but you can watch it on your own time if you want.
He's talking about it and it's a major deal of Lyme disease spreading throughout the nation.
They don't know what's causing this uptick like that other than the ticks, and so, major deal, huh?
And so, they got a shot for it.
So, let's see.
Next.
Let me see.
6.
2, I think.
So, 6.
2 earthquake out in the water by Italy by the boot.
And I said, I saw an underwater volcano getting ready to go off in the water, and it will cause over 300,000 people to perish when this event takes place.
I saw Rome shaking with an 8.
2.
I saw a major underwater event.
And so, we're seeing an uptick in the boot.
Now, you know, it looks like a boot to me.
Yeah.
But, you know, it's interesting to me because it's out—it's off the water, it's outside of—it's not on land.
And so, it's something to watch.
It's something to pray about.
You know, I'm not trying to bring fear.
I'm trying to tell y'all this is interesting to me.
Where's that at?
And it says record-breaking 48th eruption.
They said 48 eruptions.
So, major earthquake—I mean, major volcano going off in Hawaii.
Yeah.
48, I guess.
I know it broke a record.
It broke a record.
The earth is having birthing pains.
Amen.
Next.
Okay.
We've been praying over these tunnels and I saw tunnels going into California, Mexico, and these areas that were major tunnels that were being used by smugglers for drug trafficking and human trafficking coming into America.
And I specifically said it was Tijuana and going into California.
I said there's a major one in Nogales.
I saw Nogales.
I saw parts of the border, but where the major river wasn't.
I didn't see tunnels where the river was; I saw it was on this side.
And the Lord specifically talked about the corruption.
That's all I'm going to say.
Corruption.
Go ahead and play this because the Mexican authorities today found a tunnel in Tijuana going to California today.
It's an 869-foot tunnel from Tijuana that likely connected to a well-known street in San Diego.
Okay, so it went into San Diego, this tunnel.
So, the Mexican government found it.
So, go ahead and show this.
Well, shocking new video shows a cross-border tunnel in Tijuana that likely connects all the way to a well-known street in San Diego.
This tunnel is about 870 feet long, 21 feet deep, and has operational infrastructure, including lighting and ventilation.
Mexican authorities found the tunnel while they were carrying out a search at a residence looking for firearms and explosives.
Officials say that the property may have been used as a storage, logistics, and trafficking center for weapons, explosives, and other substances.
DHS says it will conduct an investigation.
Well, shocking new video shows there's more tunnels than this.
And that's what the Lord was telling.
He was asking when we were praying to uncover this, to find it.
And it is interesting that it is the government of Mexico, not America, that found this.
And then this is really interesting to me.
Braden showed me this, and this is what really bothered me a lot for the fires and the underground things that I saw taking place in the subways for mass transit in New York.
I saw them taking explosive devices and flooding the tunnels in New York, and there was no way to get to the victims because they drowned in the water concerning a subway system.
Now they have this video of this right here.
Go ahead.
Can you play it?
Yep.
These men are all coming up out of the tunnels and people are freaking out about it because they're all coming up out of there and they act like they're just walking away like, 'We're not doing anything.
' They have headlamps on.
But there were seven of them.
Another one comes out.
They keep coming out.
Now, what is it?
Are these terrorists?
I don't know.
They could be down there just doing drugs.
Who knows?
But I think it's interesting because people said it was alarming and they're not supposed to be down there.
And these kids, all boys coming up out of these tunnels.
Is that something normal in New York?
I don't know.
They probably have homeless people living in the tunnels.
But I'm just on high alert from Memorial Weekend to Fourth of July, praying over our nation for the 250th anniversary.
Go ahead.
What is this?
They're burning ballots or whatever they found in California.
So they're burning ballots, found burning and vandalizing.
You know, Spencer Pratt, is that his name?
He's ahead in the polls over the ladies.
Yes.
So, he's running as a Christian conservative.
And I said, 'This is what I saw about a red wave coming to Los Angeles, a red wave coming to California, and a revival will come out of this.
' And the Lord said, 'Pray for California.
' I saw a red wave taking over, and even with getting rid of Newsom, he then slithers on his belly like a forked tongue trying to go to the White House in the days ahead with the other African-American man.
You know who I'm talking about though.
He's the guy that's for the Democrats.
He tries to talk like Obama, but he's not.
I saw him and...
goodness gracious.
Names, names, names.
Well, Cory Booker.
Cory Booker.
Booker.
Yeah.
So, Spencer is ahead and doing really well so far.
Yeah, Cory Booker.
I saw Cory Booker getting a louder voice in the days ahead.
So, we see Spencer ahead in the polls.
So, wouldn't it be wonderful to have a mayor that is over LA in that area to be able to be over that instead of these liberal whack jobs?
That guy right there is...
Wow.
He's not happy either.
Angry.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Next.
Yeah.
And then you have a digital ID thing.
Yep.
Digital ID.
I want you to see all this about the digital ID.
How long has this been going on?
I try to keep it for tomorrow's video.
30 minutes.
Are y'all entertained a little bit here?
You know, to me, bringing all these news articles out for you, showing you where we are, I enjoy this part of it.
This is fun.
Braden works hard.
We can save some of it for tomorrow, since we haven't been here in several days, but go ahead and show them one more thing about the digital ID in Australia.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, this is what we were praying over and I saw them going to roll out digital ID very quick and social credit scores in Australia, England, Canada, and Germany, Italy, and France, and it will come really fast.
Ready?
Yeah, I use it all the time.
Here in Australia, the public have already got a digital ID and the equivalent of a gov.
uk app to access their public services.
But what do the public think about it?
I used it just this week to check my points on my license.
Oh, how you doing?
I'm good.
Some are going to expire this year.
I'm in a really good position.
If I'm going anywhere, I don't have to have all the extra things.
I've just got my phone.
I'm from New Zealand, so we didn't have it.
And then when I moved, I was like, 'Oh, this is cool.
' Did you find it kind of easy to set up and to use?
Highly recommend it.
You got it all in one place.
It's really easy.
Log in with Face ID.
There's my driver's license.
Saw that.
Then you're good to go.
Good to go.
Previously, I had to go find the credit card to do it on my computer.
Log in, set up the email.
When you register your card to pay the rego, your registrations come right up on your phone.
Makes it very, very simple.
It's just the way of the future.
So, may as well embrace it.
Yeah.
Use it.
Okay.
No resistance.
We'll just...
You might as well take it.
You know, we know the mark of the beast is coming, so you might as well embrace it, right?
It's all being rolled out right now and the digital dollar, the crypto, all of it's coming, so you might as well embrace it.
We can't stop it.
We know what the Bible says.
She's right.
So, you might as well embrace it.
Wow.
Huh.
And so we see Cuba, we see Russia hanging out in the middle of the water waiting for the last several days and doing this little donut and all these little designs in the ocean right there waiting for something by Cuba.
Russia did this and then they took off Wednesday.
So what were they doing?
Who were they talking to?
They drifted at sea for weeks.
Yeah, they were drifting at sea for weeks just hanging out there.
Yeah.
Huh.
And then they began sailing and then they went and then they started going away and they're okay.
So I wonder what they were doing out by Cuba.
What are they doing out there?
Just hanging out.
It's kind of a weird little pattern they did.
It's like, okay.
All right.
Next.
Anything else?
Oh, yeah.
No, it's good.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
You don't?
You sure?
Yeah.
I mean, because it's interesting to me.
I just go, 'Wow, look where we are.
' So, she was talking about that.
Okay, go ahead.
One more clip.
This is only a 1 minute and 37 seconds.
Now, this is interesting.
Think about what she's saying.
All UK citizens will have a digital ID card.
So, hold on.
Do you have to...
Well, I say card actually.
It's a digital ID.
Have a physical card?
Yes, all UK citizens will have to have one.
Well, the plan is that we're going to roll this out by the end of...
No, no, my question is what if I don't?
What if I've got my job, so I don't need to show this to anyone?
So, what if I just don't do it?
So, if you don't have one, then you'll have a problem if you want to get a new job.
No, I'm saying I'm not doing this.
So, I'm not seeking a job.
So, why should I get the digital ID card?
Why do I do it?
Is there some fine for not doing it?
Is there an incentive to do it?
I'm just thinking I've got no reason to do it.
Yeah.
Look, this isn't a heavy-handed approach.
We're not planning to go around fining people, but what we are going to do is make sure that everybody's got one.
In the same way, Charlie, as you've got a National Insurance number, if you're a citizen of this country, we'll make sure that everybody has a digital ID.
So, help me with this.
I know we're plodding through this, but everyone watching who's got a job has got a National Insurance number.
So when these digital ID cards exist, if I just go to my employer and show them my National Insurance number, is that not sufficient?
Are they being precluded from employing me?
It won't be sufficient.
I just want to be really clear about that.
They can't employ people unless they've seen a digital ID.
Yes, that's right.
That is the plan.
And we're not going to force you to get it.
But we're not going to allow them to hire you, and in the days ahead, if you don't take it, we're going to cut off your head.
You can't buy.
So just letting you know, we're not buying or trading, but you'll have to pledge an allegiance to the beast.
And if you don't do it, then you'll die, right?
So it's going to be okay.
We're going to just roll this out slowly, and a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down, right?
So we're going to do a little at a time, and it's going to be okay.
So just don't freak out about it.
We don't want you rioting yet and being upset until the rapture, and then we know you're going to do that.
So, we're waiting right now.
We're just passing the legislation for crypto.
So, just know that that's first, and it will be a cashless society soon.
It's coming.
So, we're getting around to it.
You'll have a digital ID without cash and a new digital system.
So, it's all going to work out, right?
So, just to let you know, we want to implement this pretty quickly, and it's going to be painless.
It's all happening.
Do you not see it?
Do you not see where we are?
Can you see the signs of the times?
Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen.
But most of you are asleep.
It's happening so quickly all around us.
We have wars and rumors of wars.
And oh, you need to show Trump mad at Benjamin today.
He blows up Lebanon, and Trump is furious.
And he calls him effing crazy.
Excuse the word, but they're upset, and President Trump is really mad at Benjamin today.
So he uses a lot of colorful language in this, blankety-blank, "You'd be in prison if it weren't for me.
I'm saving your blank.
Everybody hates you now.
Everybody hates Israel because of this.
" So he's not really happy with Benjamin today.
It is much tougher for me to properly do my job and negotiate with political hacks.
Keep negatively crippling, never seen before over and over again, and I should move faster or move slower or go to war or not go to war or whatever.
Just sit back and relax.
It will all work out well.
In the end, it always does.
First, I guess.
Then he got mad today.
Yeah, then he got mad today.
So, he's not really happy today at Benjamin, and he's cussing him out because he blew up Lebanon.
And I said, "In the days ahead, it will not be America that does this.
" Remember what I told you?
I said, "America will try to draw back.
" I saw them drawing back.
And I said, "Israel pushes the button," and great antisemitism will rise up in New York and across America, and they will hurt the Jewish people, and they will flee and go home to Israel.
A lot of them will be fleeing to Israel in the days ahead.
And I saw John Hagee's ministry and others funding their return back to Israel, and they will take over Gaza, and a lot of people are going to be furious about it.
I said, "I'm telling you, I saw this, and they will be burning and it will be worldwide.
The Jews will go back home because of the antisemitism.
" I said, "Israel pushes the button.
It will not be America.
I saw Israel doing it.
" So we see the fruit of that today.
We see the fruit of that word coming to pass.
And I said America will stand down and Israel will be the aggressor towards this.
And I said they make the mountain glow.
And I said, "I saw a surprise attack worse than October coming to Israel in the days ahead.
" The Lord said, "Pray for this.
" I saw innocent civilians in harm's way with a chemical warfare.
It looked like mustard gas.
It was some kind of yellow.
It was on rockets and drones and things, and they were going to try to spray the people, and it was an attack worse than October of three years ago—two years ago, three years ago, three years ago this year, I believe.
So, we're praying over the harbingers of 9/11.
Okay, so now all that's caught up.
You're up to date on that.
Now, this is what I saw last night in my prayer time.
The Lord specifically—I want you to really pay attention, and this is what I feel the Lord is telling me lately.
I didn't do prayer.
I had a lot going on, and this is what I got in my private time.
We're praying between now, the 1st to the 14th.
The Lord highlighted the 14th to me.
It was bolded.
He circled it.
He said, "Pray over this week concerning the King's rallies.
" Now, I didn't know there were King's rallies until Diana had to look it all up for me.
I said, "Baby, the Lord...
" because I drove around really late and the Lord said, "Look at the 14th.
It is a day that is very significant to this nation to pray concerning what I saw.
" Okay, not adding to or taking away from anything: the legislation for clarity.
I saw the Clarity Act, but I saw layers like paper—like paper that was secret things, that had sentences in the act that were hidden, that were bad.
And I heard betrayal, and I saw lines, and remember the black line that looked like onyx?
I said, "You see the onyx.
" Yeah, honey, that's great.
Thank you.
I like to show them how black it looks.
Do you see?
Well, you really can't see right there.
Yeah, not really.
It's kind of boring.
I try to find...
Well, the Bible's kind of...
It doesn't matter.
Okay.
Black onyx, a line that was like black onyx.
And then I saw pages in like contracts.
And as I was watching the movie come out for the aliens, I saw distraction coming.
I saw sleight of hand over here, over here, as they're doing this over here in the still of the night.
The pages are passed without much resistance.
There was not a lot of public outcry.
It was just a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down.
The very thing that you embrace, you'll push away in the days ahead.
The very thing that you embrace, I saw it again, you'll push away in the days ahead.
And I saw a clarity coming, but it has the end-times writing in it.
What I'm saying is the banking system for the end times, for the beast system, is an undercurrent in this bill that will come out fast as you see digital ID being pushed around the world, as you see the aliens being talked about—these false demonic things that are about to take place.
Steven Spielberg is having a major movie come out on that week, which is the next week for the alien movie, and it's pretty creepy.
Then on the 14th, they're having a No Kings rally as America approaches its 250th anniversary.
We have a choice about what story we tell.
Steven Spielberg's movie is coming out, and the kings of this thing...
it's the aliens.
With the 250th anniversary, with this No Kings rally on the 14th, and the Alien movie coming out, this is all in the same week is what I'm trying to tell you.
I found out Dina said, 'Brandon, it's Trump's birthday on the 14th.
' Is that correct?
Okay.
And they're saying it is.
So, during this timeframe, pray over it.
But I saw the black lines on a manuscript—like a manuscript, like pages on a contract.
They were like black onyx, as black as black can be with a black line.
So, do you see how it all goes together?
I'm trying to paint a picture for you because I'm not a financial adviser.
I'm trying to tell you things about the beast system because it's just what I believe, in my opinion, what the Lord has shown me.
But it's all coming about is what I'm trying to tell you.
I really believe we could see—and the Lord said to pray over this timeframe, praying over President Trump.
Pray for rioting, pray for black swan events.
You're looking over here; what's happening over here?
Praying over the next two weeks.
Not this weekend, but the next weekend.
Okay, two weeks.
Praying over this timeframe.
Praying over President Trump's 80th birthday on the 14th.
So, it's interesting to me.
So, will we see the Clarity Act?
Will there be a distraction away from it as it's passed?
I don't know.
I believe we'll see it sooner than later because he's saying they have the votes.
What are they waiting on?
Why have they not voted on it?
I don't know.
But it's very interesting to me, the beast system rolling out, and all the digital ID, the digital everything.
So interesting, right?
So, praying over a Supreme Court judge.
I saw in my prayer time praying over a judge having some health problems and going home, being removed.
There's something concerning what I was praying about, this judge having something going on.
And I don't want to be too specific about who this individual is.
I've been instructed, 'Don't give names anymore when you see people's health stuff.
' I saw an individual, and all of a sudden, they have to bring in a new one.
That's good enough.
Okay.
And when I was praying about this individual, I saw an Asian woman.
I saw a woman with red lipstick.
I saw a woman with shorter black hair.
She looked to me like she was an Asian-white mix.
She wasn't full Asian; she looked to me like she was part Caucasian.
Okay.
I don't know who this woman was.
I've tried to explain her to Braden all the time to look at this person, but I saw this woman.
Now, I don't know what this woman...
I assumed that this was the person who would take over for this individual that had health problems.
There was something wrong.
I would say it would be the C-word, and that's all I will say.
It was something with the C-word, and it was very serious, but they didn't make it.
I saw, as I was praying into the months ahead, I kept seeing the storm again.
I kept praying over the fires in New York, the building, Ground Zero, the flag.
Praying over a new Ground Zero.
But the new Ground Zero wasn't in New York; I was praying over Chicago.
Praying over Chicago, praying over a new Ground Zero, praying over the fires in New York, praying over a Pearl Harbor experience—like a new Red Dawn, D-Day in our nation.
Still praying over this.
It was very strong when I was praying over it.
So, we will continue to do so.
All right.
Is it good?
44 minutes.
Not too bad, right?
How's my timer?
Yeah, 48 minutes.
I've tried to keep it under an hour.
So, who wants to pray for a little bit?
You want to pray with me?
We'll pray.
Like I said, people want to pray more and talk less.
But some people like this, so we just do what we do.
But we're so excited you're here.
And I don't know how many are here right now, but for how many people want to pray, we'll pray and we'll seek the face of the Lord.
The Lord said, 'Be bold as a lion tonight, Brandon.
' And I don't know what that meant.
So, I just took it and said, 'Okay, I'll do my best,' you know, as I always do.
But it was interesting as I was getting ready.
He said, 'Be bold as a lion today.
' So, I've been pretty bold, I believe.
So, Father, I thank You, Father, for the body.
Every single person who's here tonight, Father, we lift them up before You.
We thank You, Lord, that there's an expiration date to every one of their needs.
That by the stripes of Jesus, they are healed.
And as we see the signs of the times all around us, oh Jesus, I'm so excited You're coming.
Lord, I know You're coming sooner than later.
You told me personally, 'You'll be the generation that doesn't taste death.
' And that brings music to my ears.
Father, we will be the generation that brings and ushers in Your coming, that You chose us for such a time as this.
You saved the best for last.
And oh, what a plan.
Just like Sister Billy always says, 'Oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a planner He is, that He chose you and me.
' We are here for such a time as this, that we're seeing the digital ID, the digital currency, all of it.
Getting the pre-stages for the mark of the beast system is right there.
It's all happening right in front of your face.
And it's so amazing that we're that generation.
It's happening so quickly.
As I saw the hourglass, and I could see the sand in it, and He said, 'I extended the time, and I gave it from 2015.
I gave you these timeframes from these two Shemitah cycles.
' Do you see this?
And I saw the sand falling into that hourglass.
Look at where we are.
I've given you a time for a revival.
And as we see the signs approaching, Father, I thank You, Lord, that our hearts are prepared.
We're not on the wrong side of this; we're on the right side of it.
We're looking up, for we know our redemption draws nigh.
We're keeping our eyes on the sky.
Well, we're keeping our eyes on getting as many people saved as we can, right?
But you know what I mean.
Lord, I thank You, Lord.
Our weatherman always says, 'Keep an eye on the skies.
' That's why I laugh.
But keep an eye on the skies for Him, not for tornadoes.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the body.
I thank You, Lord, that tonight is their expiration date for the healing that they need.
That tonight, that sickness and disease that has been on their bodies, tonight is the night that they receive their miracle.
And I agree with them physically, spiritually, financially, mentally, emotionally, whatever it may be.
I believe that tonight is the night of their breakthrough.
I thank You, Lord, that nothing's too big for You, that all things are possible to him who believes.
And we believe.
As we attach our faith to it, Father, we call those things that be not as though they were.
We're healed, we're whole, we're well, delivered mentally, emotionally, physically, financially—in every area, we're made whole.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Father.
We thank You, Lord, how You've taken care of us, and You've redeemed us from the curse of the law.
Galatians 3, 'Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
' And we're not under the curse of Deuteronomy 28 anymore.
We're redeemed by the blood.
Jesus Christ paid the price for us to walk in victory tonight.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for what You've done for us in Jesus' name.
Thank You, Lord.
Now, Lord, we make much of the blood, and we apply the blood over us.
We apply the blood over our minds.
We apply the blood over our bodies, our physical bodies.
We apply the blood so that there's no Alzheimer's, no dementia, no autism, no learning disabilities, nothing.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory over that.
By His stripes you are healed.
And that's for PTSD to all kinds of things.
There are so many people who said, "Brandon, you don't realize I've been dealing with PTSD for so long and I need help.
" I believe that tonight's the night of their breakthrough, and we apply the blood.
And, Father, if there's anything you want to show me, like all the things you showed me last night, I'm so grateful, Father, for your voice.
We submit ourselves unto God.
We resist the devil and he will flee.
We thank you for the blood.
We apply the blood over our house, over my children, over us, over our finances, over everything.
We apply the blood.
And I thank you, Father, that we are underneath that covering, that umbrella of the shadow of the Almighty, under His wings.
Father, I thank you like that mother hen, you protect us.
You protect the chicks.
We will hear your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We take authority over demonic spirits that would try to come and snare us in any way.
We take authority over familiar spirits.
We thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers our ears, covers our eyes, covers us, covers the eyes of the spirit, Father, so that anything you want to show me is uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, we yield to you.
We're not here to do anything other than just follow you.
And I thank you, Father, for your blood.
And we take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers us.
If—I know it was the blood.
If it wasn't for the blood, we all would be in so much trouble.
Thank you, Jesus, for the blood, so that we don't have to sacrifice bulls or goats or sheep anymore.
Jesus was the ultimate sacrifice.
And we take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
I know it was the blood.
I know it was the blood shed for me one day when I was lost.
There it is.
I know it was the blood.
I know it was the blood for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died upon the cross.
And I know it was the blood for me.
Is that wonderful?
They whipped him all night long.
They whipped him all night long for me.
One day when I was lost, Jesus died on the cross.
And I know it was the blood for me.
Thank you, Father.
I don't like all the verses for that.
Yeah, I like the first part.
I like it.
The very first verses are all my favorite, Braden.
All those other little lines—they ran out of ideas, I think.
Yeah, they ran out of ideas.
Braden, you're so funny.
You got it.
You had it right for the first one.
They got that by the Spirit.
I know it was the blood.
I know it was the blood for me.
You're so funny.
They ran out of ideas, to you that wrote the song—just our opinion.
You make me laugh.
Ready?
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for the blood, Lord.
It never loses its power.
For it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley.
Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day.
It will never lose its power.
For it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley.
Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day.
It will never lose its power.
You lost right there, B.
You got to scroll up.
That's good enough.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
We just give Him honor for the blood tonight.
Thank you for the blood that was shed for us, every single one of us, that we are made whole.
For everything you did for us, God, we magnify you.
We glorify you.
You know, I was singing that song earlier, Braden, and I don't—it's another old song.
Help me, Holy Spirit.
Which one would you want me to sing?
You know, I find the vein—for it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley.
Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day.
It will never lose its power.
For it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley.
The blood that gives me strength from day to day.
It will never lose its power.
I see two hands and they're lifted up to the Father.
They're all the way up and they're lifted up to Him like this for praise.
Like they're cupped and they're lifted up to the Father in praise.
Jesus, that name above all names.
Beautiful Savior, living word, Emmanuel, God is with us.
Blessed, I believe it's blessed redeemer, living word.
Jesus, that name above all names.
Beautiful Savior, glorious Lord, Emmanuel, God is with us.
Blessed redeemer, living word.
Jesus, that name above all names.
Beautiful Savior, glorious Lord, Emmanuel, God is with us.
Blessed redeemer, healing Lord.
You're my blessed redeemer.
I see a pinprick on a membrane.
The membrane is full of water.
And in this, I see a pinprick.
It looks like what would just barely poke with a needle at the top of this membrane, like a balloon.
And there is a waterfall coming out of this.
And the beginning of the greatest demonstrations and the manifestations of the glory of healing revival is about to spread throughout this whole world.
I see a pinprick.
Oh, Jesus.
As it comes out, it comes out as a little bitty waterfall.
But as it gets to the bottom, it spreads and it's getting bigger and bigger and bigger.
It comes out very—it seems like it's just barely a trickle, but as it falls, it's spreading.
It's spreading to the point where it looks like Niagara Falls.
It started out just like a pin prick.
Oh, Jesus.
Jesus.
There's so many people that are believing for so much right now.
And we thank you, Father, that you've already provided for all of it.
Healings, wholeness, wellness in every area of life.
Prostate cancer is being healed right now.
You've had high numbers, high numbers.
I don't know what this is called, I'm sorry, I just am hearing prostate numbers, but they're coming down.
They're going to come down, the numbers.
I see the numbers.
You know, like whenever you see an elevator go down, it's like ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, but it's in the hundreds of thousands.
It's like thousands.
Like these numbers are high, big numbers, and they're going kind of like you're draining a bank account, but they're going down.
Jesus, name above all names.
Beautiful Savior, glorious Lord, Emmanuel, God is with us.
Blessed redeemer, you're the living word.
Jesus, name above all names.
Beautiful Savior, glorious Lord, Emmanuel, God is with us.
Blessed redeemer, healing Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Jesus, that name above all names.
Beautiful Savior, glorious Lord, Emmanuel, God is with us.
Blessed redeemer, living word.
Oh, Father.
Yeah, the blood, the blood is being cleansed.
It's the blood, the blood, the blood, the blood.
There's something going on with your blood.
It's thick.
It's like I see thick blood.
Thick blood.
Your hematocrit, the thickness of the blood.
There's—you take lots of painkiller, you take a lot of this to thin your blood.
Aspirin.
Yeah, Bayer.
You take Bayer.
It's the Bayer.
It's for your heart.
Your heart, the heart, the blood and the heart, the flow, the flow of the blood, the thickness.
It's thinners.
It's for the thinners.
But tonight, tonight is the night for your breakthrough.
Tonight is the night for your breakthrough.
We call breakthrough.
We call breakthrough over the heart.
We call breakthrough over the blood.
We call breakthrough.
We call breakthrough in the name of Jesus.
We call healing, wholeness, wellness.
You started out by drinking just a little bit of wine.
And over the course of time, what was one glass led to two.
What was two glasses led to a whole bottle.
And I see the bottle is becoming a crutch.
Red wine, white wine.
You say, "Well, it's good.
It's antioxidants.
" But you open the door to the devil by a little, and he's taken a whole lot, and you want to be free from this.
You've opened the door.
Now you're drinking a lot.
And you're even thinking about going to harder stuff.
You're saying, "I need a little bit more.
I need a little bit more.
" And what was socially acceptable—drinking with friends—now you do it at home, you do it on the couch, you do it.
This is my unwinding.
This is how I unwind.
It is now becoming a stronghold.
And the enemy is trying to get a stronghold, to get this foothold in your life through your liver.
Through your liver, through the fatty liver, alcohol is trying to destroy your liver.
You don't even realize it.
The enzymes, the things of your liver—you say, "How many bottles does it take just to get through the week?
How many bottles does it take to get through every single week?
" We want to shut the door.
And this is the same with pornography with someone.
I see it was soft porn, and it was just off of Instagram.
You were just looking at things on Instagram, and you were looking at things wrong on Instagram.
That's what I hear.
I see the app.
I see it on your phone, and you open the door by looking at things you know you shouldn't be looking at.
And it went from this soft kind of porn, if you want to call it that, to a full-fledged...
And I'm hearing it's escalated to the point you feel that you're addicted and it's out of control.
And the Lord wants to set you free from this.
It starts by things that are subtle, and it got in, creeping in, creeping in.
You open the door, and now the devil's got a stronghold.
Take the app off your phone.
Take that off your phone.
Don't have access to this.
Take the stuff.
Close the door to the devil, saying, "I'm done with the devil influencing me.
" Take the easy inroads off of your devices and just delete it and go on.
Don't have inroads to the devil to allow him to get you.
"Well, I can't keep up with my family.
I can't keep up with my friends.
I can't keep up.
You don't need to have that.
I don't know what everybody's doing if I don't have that.
" I hear the argument inside of your mind.
I hear the argument inside of you.
You argue and you're reasoning and reasoning, and it's become, "Well, I don't want to lose track of my friends.
I don't want to lose track of my social—all of what's going on with everybody.
" This is more than one person.
The Lord said this is multiple.
This is a lot of people.
This is turning into something bad.
Some of you are talking on chats.
I see a chat room you're in with these people; they're like prostitutes.
And the Lord said, "Shut the door to the enemy.
Don't play around with fire.
Run.
Flee from evil.
Shut the door to the doors you're opening.
Shut it.
Shut it quickly.
Don't give the devil a stronghold anymore in your life.
Submit yourselves therefore unto God.
Resist the devil, and he will flee.
" We ask you, Father, right now, to replace it with scripture.
Replace things with scripture.
Get the word inside of you.
Get the word down in your heart, calling those things that be not as though they were.
"I'm free from this stuff, this filth on the internet.
I'm free from alcohol.
I'm free from cigarettes.
I'm free from whatever has a hold on you—food—whatever has a hold on you more than what the Word of God does, and the Lord, and the Holy Spirit.
" When I heard what David said, "Take not thy spirit from me.
" David said, "Take not thy spirit from me.
" Scripture, Braden, "Keep me.
" Then again, I hear, "Keep me as the apple of your eye.
Take not thy spirit from me, Lord.
" He said in Psalm, "Do not cast me from your presence or take your Holy Spirit from me.
" I'm talking about—and it's grieving when you grieve the Spirit of the Lord.
You can feel Him withdraw.
He's a gentleman.
"Keep me as the apple of thy eye.
" Oh, you feel the Holy Spirit right then, Braden.
He filled the whole room.
"And do not grieve the Holy Spirit of God, with whom you were sealed for the day of redemption.
" And do not grieve the Holy Spirit.
To grieve Him, He withdraws, just like David was saying, but this is even in Ephesians.
"And do not grieve the Holy Spirit"—when He draws back.
He has an opinion about everything, even with my bad attitude a lot of times.
And even like I had that last broadcast, and there was no presence here.
I could not—it's like touching a cold stove, and I vowed I would not waste the people's time.
I say, "Oh God, help me.
" My attitude gets stinky, and I grieve the Holy Spirit, and I can feel it when we work together so closely, when that mantle and that cloak don't come on.
"And do not grieve the Holy Spirit of God, with whom you were sealed for the day of redemption.
" I could hear it so clear when Kathryn said, "Oh, he's all I've got.
He's all I've got.
" Kathryn Kuhlman said, "He's all I've got.
Do not quench the Spirit.
" 1 Thessalonians 5:19.
"Do not quench the Spirit.
Do not quench the Spirit.
" 1 Thessalonians 5:19.
Holy Spirit, this is your house.
You will not be grieved or quenched.
"Yet they rebelled and grieved his Holy Spirit, so he turned to be their enemy and himself fought against them.
" Yet, what is that in Isaiah?
"Yet they rebelled and grieved his Holy Spirit.
" That's interesting; I haven't read that one before.
It's Isaiah 63:10.
You will not be grieved, quenched, or offended.
You will not be grieved, quenched, or offended, Holy Spirit.
Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit, "Do not cast me from your presence or take your Holy Spirit from me.
" Now, that's the one I like.
Psalm 51:11.
"Do not cast me from your presence or take your Holy Spirit from me.
" I had an encounter—was it three nights ago, Braden?
—and I could hear it.
And I could see Him so clear.
I said, "Help me to pray.
Help me to pray.
" I realized how much I need Him and how He's the one, as He said, "Brandon, I warned you to always take that mirror and deflect—deflect it always to the Father.
" He said, "I do it in everything I do.
" The Holy Spirit said this, "I deflect even—it always deflects and gives God praise.
" He deflects.
Everything is deflected to the Lord.
And I thought, isn't that wonderful?
Holy Spirit, this is your house.
You will not be grieved, quenched, or offended.
You will not be grieved nor quenched or offended, Holy Spirit.
Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit, this is your house.
Have your own way, Lord.
Have your own way.
You are the potter.
We are the clay.
Mold me and make me after thy will, while I am waiting, yielded and still.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Search me and try me, Savior today.
Wash me just now.
Lord, wash me just now.
Keep going.
As in thy presence humbly I bow.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have thy own way.
Wounded and weary, help me, I pray.
Power, all power, surely is thine.
Touch me and heal me, Savior divine.
It's a beautiful beat, huh?
One more time I'll sing.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Verse one.
Have thy own way.
Thou art the potter.
I am the clay.
Mold me and make me after thy will, while I am waiting, yielded and still.
Have thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Search me and try me, Savior, today.
Wash me just now, Lord.
Wash me just now, as in Thy presence humbly I bow.
Oh Lord, okay.
You're taking so much of this stuff to make you lose weight, and you're afraid if you stop taking it, you're going to get really obese again, and it's destroying your facial features.
It's destroying you.
You're feeling really sick, and it's affected your stomach so much that the after-effects of this almost feel like they would be permanent because of your stomach, what's going on with your stomach.
Have Your way, Lord.
Have Your own way.
The Lord wants to touch you today.
Bondage to anything is not of Him.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Thou art the potter, I am the clay.
Mold me and make me after Thy will.
While I am waiting, yielded and still, I wait, Lord.
Do I say that out loud?
Lord, I'm just going to call you George.
Family hurt, family trauma wounded you so deep.
You feel such a great betrayal.
The wound is so deep, the pain hurts so bad.
It's like it knocks the wind out of you.
This is over money, this is over ministry.
And you've been so brave and so strong for your family.
The Lord has seen it, but He said, "Because of this, I'm going to give you double for your trouble.
" You've been the peace mediator between the other family.
If not, they'd be at each other's throats.
And the Lord said, "I'm going to give you an increase on the anointing on your life.
I'm going to increase the anointing on your life, and you'll be known even more as a man of peace.
For blessed are the peacemakers, and you'll be known even more, sir, as a man of peace, as peace flows through you.
For there is an anointing of peace coming on you.
For there are troubled waters even more ahead, but you will walk in peace.
You'll walk in peace, and you'll defuse the strife.
Have Your own way, Lord.
Have Your way.
Thou art the potter, I am the clay.
Mold me and make me after Thy will.
While I am waiting, yielded and still.
Lord, fix the hearts.
Fix those hearts there.
Oh man.
It has the potential to go two levels higher, like a volcano ready to blow, depending on how you respond in the days ahead.
It will try to be a scandal.
Do you remember how Lot and Abraham had to take the different land?
He gave him what he thought was the best, but judgment was coming there.
Sometimes it looks like what you have in your hand is the best at that time, right?
I see a splitting.
I see a splitting of this individual—you know who you are—I see a splitting of this, and I see Lot and Abraham.
It feels like this because the strife would try to come up here to another two levels.
We'll just move on.
Have Your own way, Lord.
Have Your own way.
Thou art the potter, I am the clay.
Mold me and make me after Thy will.
While I am waiting, yielded and still.
I hear it.
I see what You told me to do.
Have Thy own way, Lord.
Have Thy own way.
Search me and try me, Savior, today.
Wash me just now, Lord.
Wash me just now, as in Thy presence humbly I bow.
I'm just looking at some things concerning my own personal life right now, so He's talking to me about some stuff.
So I'm just listening real quick.
Thank You, Father.
Okay.
Father, we pray over President Trump today.
We're lifting him up before You.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that he is taking no counsel from the ungodly.
No, no, no, no.
We pray over President Trump today and the decisions he makes.
Yeah, I see the valley of decision again, cream and dust.
Looking into June, looking into the decisions that are being made for the midterms.
For every hindrance, we break you off.
We're going to come up higher.
We're going to go up higher concerning this.
I see the railroad cars again.
I see the transit cars for oil and gas, like chemicals in those tankers that look like propane tanks going down—railroad car tankers like propane tanks.
Mysterious derailment, it's on the track.
Mysterious derailment.
I see Mississippi.
I see Alabama.
It's on the track, on the metal track.
It's on the side of it like a device.
We're praying over the New York Knicks.
Praying over the New York Knicks, praying over the stadium, praying over the time during this finals, I mean at the championship game.
Praying over San Antonio.
Praying over San Antonio, the River Walk, the river, the River Walk, praying over the river.
ABC, yep, we're praying.
Pray over the river, pray over the riverfront.
That river in San Antonio.
Pray over this.
It's where the boats go, where there are like umbrellas, there's like a restaurant there.
I see a restaurant.
It serves chips, the frijoles.
It looks like little, like Frito chips.
Yeah, it looks like Mexican food, for sure.
What am I praying over that area, Father?
We're praying over these umbrellas.
We pray for these people.
We pray for them, Father.
I see people down here, not that they're drunk, but they act like they've had too much of something—like a party atmosphere.
We pray over San Antonio.
We pray over San Antonio, we pray over the people.
We pray over them.
Thank You, Father.
Thank You, Lord.
Over New York, we pray over New York.
Yeah, it's the reconnaissance, the reconnaissance.
We thank You, Lord.
Oh, Father, we thank You, Lord.
We praise You.
I'm going to say this, I'm going to be bold.
Lord, I saw a shifting that was from Oklahoma City to San Antonio.
Now, I saw something that was planned, I saw something that was planned that we're praying against.
It was focused on Oklahoma City and the big building—terror in the heartland, I see terror in the heartland.
Okay, but because of prayer, I see it shifted.
And I'm not trying to say one is better than the other, that's why I don't want you to misunderstand what I'm saying.
That's why I'm just bold, Lord.
Do you remember how many times I've said 'terror in the heartland' privately, Braden?
Braden, did I say that publicly?
There are certain things that I see that have been associated with the Thunder, praying over the Thunder and Thunder Alley, the area where people gather at Scissortail Park, praying over this area, but the Thunder lost in the seventh game.
And I see something, it's trying to shift to the river.
And I was praying against it, and it shifted.
And I see the river—praying over the river, praying over New York, praying over, I believe it's Madison Square Garden, correct, where the Knicks play?
Praying over this area, celebrations again.
When was this day I saw this?
You say it looks like, too.
Hey, I'm wearing the same shirt then.
I like the color.
I thought that was me right then, that's why I said that.
That's weird.
I'm hearing it again: terror in the heartland.
Go ahead.
Terror strikes again.
In the papers, very, very tragic taking place.
And then I saw the headlines in the papers, and I saw 'Terror strikes again.
Terror strikes again.
' And then I saw in the headlines, 'Terror in the heartland.
Terror in the heartland.
' Nation in turmoil.
A nation in turmoil.
I saw this in the headlines in black bold letters: 'Nation in turmoil.
' I wasn't going to jump right into this, but I don't want to waste your time.
I have such an urgency in my heart to tell you you must wake up.
Okay, stop.
I see that.
What day was this?
May 4th.
Okay, so that was the first of last month.
We pray over the River Walk.
We pray over the Alamo.
We pray over these gatherings, the hotels, the people.
Oh Father, I thank you, Lord.
We pray, Father.
We pray.
I see a bat.
I see that bat over San Antonio.
It's over the river.
It's a bat.
It's a big black bat.
We pray over New York.
We pray over Madison Square Garden.
We pray over these events.
We pray over the subway system.
We pray over mass transit.
We pray over our grid, our electric, from now to the 4th of July.
We pray over our nation for the next 30-some days.
It'd be like 33 days, whatever that is, 34, 35 days.
We pray over this time frame.
What is that, son?
This is the crown jewel, right?
Play it.
He said the heartland will even be shaken, didn't he?
He said even the heartland.
Say some of this.
He said, 'For even,' they said, 'terror in the heartland would be more sufficient than even the crown jewel.
' I could hear the terrorists talking.
I could hear Iran talking.
And they wanted to inflict fear upon our land.
We want to get the ball rolling.
He said, 'They said it's time to get the ball rolling.
' I could hear them talking as they started, and they said, 'It's time to get the ball rolling.
It's time to implement what we know.
' They got their commands.
They got this.
So we pray for the lands.
We pray for all this.
But I'm telling you, I'm hearing some chatter.
I'm hearing generals talk.
I'm hearing chatter, and it was very heavy.
So we pray for Homeland Security, we pray for the FBI, we pray for our people.
But the plague is with the—as I saw this black plague of death, it looked like a mist again, but it looked kind of like the Grim Reaper.
It was tattered.
It was tattered black, not—what is it, like a sackcloth?
It was like—what is this fabric that is linen?
It looked like black linen that was tattered, this black being that I saw.
It looked like something out of a Halloween thing.
And as it moved across, I saw it, and it was released.
It looked like something out of a—I'm telling you, it was demonic.
It looked scary.
It was released.
It looked like black gauze moving.
And I stopped and I froze.
Yeah, in fact, I told her, I said, 'It was everything I could do not to get sick all over the car.
' Yeah, I remember the moment I spoke it and I saw it and I went into the spirit.
I could see this, and it was like black gauze.
And I told her, I said, 'What is this?
' and all of a sudden, I went into like this travail, and I'm telling you, I almost vomited all over the car.
I told her, I said, 'I feel sick.
I have to stop.
' And she—I said, and all of a sudden, it's like—I don't know how to describe what happened because it's never happened before.
I pray it never happens again.
It went from my esophagus to my stomach, whatever this was.
And I told her, and the Lord said—it was like he let me have a glimpse of it.
And I said, 'What is this?
' But the Lord allowed me to see something I've never wanted to ever see again.
Never.
I never wanted to.
It was terrible.
And then he said, 'They will believe it's Ichabod.
They believe it's—but I've never left you and never forsaken you.
' This is a humbling.
This is a humbling.
He kept saying, 'This is a humbling.
' We're in the last—there's no urgency.
Remember, thank you, Holy Ghost.
He said, 'There's no urgency in my church.
There's no urgency behind the pulpits, though the coming of my son is at hand.
From sea to shining sea all around this world, there's not enough urgency of the hour, for I am coming swiftly.
' And this will bring forth the urgency that is required for what you're about to see.
That's what he said.
There's no urgency.
People say, 'Well, you're yelling.
' Yes, because he was yelling.
Get over it.
You're too wimpy.
You don't have a backbone.
And for what's coming, you're going to get a backbone.
Yeah.
You've got a bunch of spineless, skinny jeans and fog machine people up in here.
And you're going to get a backbone or you're—I'm telling you, the great falling away is coming.
You're going to go, 'Oh, dear God, what did I truly believe?
Did he truly have you?
' Christianity today is weak.
You come against hard times, you come against things, and you think God's abandoning you.
Most people couldn't live half of what I've lived.
My life has been hard.
But every single time, I sit there and say, 'I always stay on God's side.
' 'Oh, Brandon, what have you been through?
' You have not even a clue.
It's true.
I've given you a little glimpse into our life.
Most of you walk on cupcakes and rainbows compared to what it takes to be refined.
I walk a very tight rope.
That's why I keep to myself.
I told D, I said, 'I feel to be more reclusive than I've ever been.
I feel to just do this.
' It's funny how many months ago and even today, what I thought, we have to be even more—I want to hear him.
That's how serious these things are right now.
And this is not church as usual.
This is church unusual, and the church is going to wake up, folks.
Well, I heard you say that.
Oh, woe unto you who mock.
Woe unto you who mock.
I pray you make it through this.
They won't.
I pray you do.
The storm that's coming, they won't make it.
I've never heard him speak the way he's been speaking.
It's different.
It's different, isn't it?
As he shows me the faces of the prophetic people, he's disgusted with them.
He said, 'They're a stench before my nose.
They truly believe they're hearing me.
They truly believe they're speaking for me.
' And he said, 'They're far from me.
' That's what he said.
He said, 'They're a stench before me, for they're not warning my people of the signs of the times.
They're giving itching ear prophecies.
' It was a very, very strong word.
I questioned, I said, 'I need somebody to judge this word.
' That's how strong it was.
I was sitting there, and I was like, 'I don't know who to call because most of them don't want to hear it.
' I was shook.
I was shook.
I was waiting for it.
You know, when you were—I felt the atmosphere, and I sat there and I listened to him.
And as I'm driving down the road and I'm praying in the spirit over the city, I have such an urgency today, and I told her, I said, 'Something is going on.
' And when Father spoke, he shook our car.
He shook me.
What day was this, son?
December 30th.
It's pages long.
Instruction for our ministry.
Instruction for the days ahead.
'It's good enough, babe.
' And that's heavy, son.
It's like I relived it.
I don't even know where you want me to go now, Lord, but I feel you so strong.
As we enter into this season, Father, I just want to be on the right side with you.
I just want to sit with you a while.
No matter what all the people, Father, just to be a light to show them, Father, Jesus is the way.
Jesus is the way.
You know, it's interesting.
I saw the plague then.
I saw the plague again then on that day, as we talk about it in the news of Ebola and all these things, and the rats and all this stuff again.
We're always on the right side of it, ladies and gentlemen.
That's why we take communion, we anoint ourselves with oil, and we're not afraid because we know who we are in Christ, right?
But no, there's a domino that's about to fall that they are waiting for their time.
But the greatest revival is about to take place that this world has ever seen before.
I truly believe it's standing at the door—a major revival.
But I told you when I heard that we've just got to get the ball rolling.
They had cells in our country and they were listening to the code.
Remember a couple of videos ago, I heard it is on like—it was like a spell, one of those little speaking spells, but it sounded like—and it was only played at a certain time of day for just a couple of seconds.
They knew when to listen for it, and it sounded like a code from the Cuban missile crisis era.
It was like a Morse code, but it was a code they were listening for, but it would only be played at a certain time of day, only at that time of week, so that nobody else would hear it, and it was just a very quick burst.
They would listen for it, but it would be at that exact time, knowing when to play it.
And they would hear the code and they would write it down, knowing when to do it, because that's the only way they would be able to communicate without being found, because they couldn't use the internet and they couldn't use cell phones like they wanted.
They were trying to figure out how to jam with car jammers on trains, in boxcars.
It was some kind of EMP machine.
How to make the electric grid on trains go down.
How do you make the electric grid go down?
Similar to what was on Ocean's Eleven.
It was some kind of device.
So, Father, I just pray for President Trump's kids.
I pray for our kids.
We pray for all of us that we're always in the right place at the right time.
We pray over our country.
We pray over President Trump.
We pray over his cabinet, over Marco Rubio, over JD Vance, over Eric, Don Jr.
, Tiffany, Barron, Kai, and Ivanka.
We pray for the grandkids.
We pray for every single one—that there's a covering over his son with his new bride.
We pray, Father, that he's always in the right place at the right time, at any kind of parties, any kind of places with tuxedos on.
We thank you, Father, that he's protected, that a thousand should fall at his side and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
Any plots, any plans, any pursuits against him, his children, JD Vance, or Marco Rubio and his kids, or judges.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
FBI, Homeland Security, CIA, NSA, all of our major outlets of law enforcement and people who protect our land.
We ask for supernatural wisdom over their departments—our sheriff's department, our local law enforcement, our highway patrol, our medical, our fire department.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
No weapon formed against them is going to prosper.
Every line of defense, we cover it in the blood: our Coast Guard, our military of all kinds, our cybersecurity.
We pray over our cybersecurity.
We pray over our men and women of service of all areas, every branch of the military.
It doesn't matter what you are.
We pray a hedge of protection around and about them, that there is no weapon formed against them that would prosper.
We cover them in the blood.
We saturate this time in the blood from now until after the Fourth of July.
We pray over our nation.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit across this land, we command it to fall in Jesus' name, to be uncovered.
We call an uncovering of every ungodly, evil, wicked act—mass shootings, bombs, no matter what it is, terrorist attacks of any kind.
We thank you, Lord, that every plan, every plot, every pursuit across this land, we say in the name of Jesus, you will not do it.
It's uncovered by the FBI.
It's uncovered by our Homeland Security, CIA, whoever it may be.
We call on the name of Jesus over Europe, and the fires, and the people burning the buildings, and all the rioting.
We say in the name of Jesus, desist in your maneuvering.
There is an antichrist spirit there.
I see civil unrest.
Our Navy SEALs, our Special Ops, our undercover officers.
We pray for every single one of them.
We pray for our secret intelligence even in our nation—people that are undercover.
We pray for protection over our undercover people.
This is very, very bold.
It's a very clear vision.
The Lord said, "I cannot deliver it.
" We pray for our people.
How do I even say it?
You all get it.
We pray for these people.
We'll call them the great pretenders.
We call protection over the great pretenders.
Show the picture of the Chinese men.
Show that picture right now.
This is serious.
There's more of them.
There's something about these men—the infiltration.
It's in our nation.
I'm seeing this right now.
Braden, do you hear what I'm telling you?
This is very serious.
Marinate every plot, every plan—every plot will be uncovered across this land.
Every plot, every plan will be uncovered across this land.
Every plot, every plan will be uncovered across this land for Jesus.
Every plot, every plan, the fear of God would set inside their heart.
They try to destroy anybody, but they'll say, "No, we're not going to do this.
I just can't do it.
" I thank you, Father.
I see churches across the country.
We pray over every one of these churches, every place of gathering.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
We consider it done, Lord, that you'll bring it to pass at last.
A great protection, every plot, every plan, Father, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
When is the World Cup, son?
Is it 2027?
No, '26.
So, it's this year, June 11th to July 21st.
FIFA World Cup, right?
Wow.
So, the 11th from the movie.
Do you see that?
The 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th to the 20th.
Wow.
The soccer ball to the 19th, United States.
Braden, well, we have a lot of work to do this week, huh?
Help me to stay on track, Father.
That's why the 14th—he said he marked the 14th and he highlighted it and he said, "Pray over this timeframe.
Pray over the 11th, 12th, 13th, and 14th.
" The 14th is on a Sunday, I believe it's President Trump's birthday, the 80th—praying over this.
Interesting.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that over this soccer match, over these games, Father, you protect them.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit concerning these soccer games, any kind of tragic event concerning the soccer games, Father, I thank you, Lord, that it's uncovered, that no weapon formed against this nation would prosper.
Thank you, Lord.
It's in New York.
Oh my gosh.
Interesting.
Well, like I said, we have a lot of work to do this week.
I appreciate you joining me tonight and we will continue to cover this and we'll get back in the vein of it tomorrow.
We love you.
We're so thankful that you would spend time with us in your evening, and we will keep praying over all this.
There's a lot here.
God bless you all.
We really do appreciate every single one of you.
Thank you.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you, and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.